Before finishing the section I want to talk about styling and for that I will start with DS s.c.s s
Falls which you might not have recognized.
SC S S is like see us as Plass you could say you use it to write your styling to write your C S S code
but you get some extra features like with typescript for javascript.
In the end it will be compiled to normalcy SS code but you can use some yet additional features to make
that easier.
I don't like to use s.c.s as by default but there is nothing wrong with writing normal C S code in those
files too.
In the end that can be compiled and almost as code without any issues.
Great feature s.c.s s office you and it's all based on SAS if you know what data.
You can also take some additional tutorials on SAS and SPSS to learn more.
A great feature is that you can test your selectors.
So here in the users s.c.s as far you get the page users selector and does of course as the selector
of this component.
So if you have a look at our template and you will get a couple of elements let me add a new element
a paragraph for example where I say the users and I want to style the paragraph.
I can simply add the paragraph tag nested in page users.
This is important just nesting.
And then I could say background color red and give it some padding let's say of 10 pixels something
like that.
And if I now save it as it will automatically recompile since this Iyonix surf process is still running
and then if I click on users you'll see that all paragraphs on that user's page.
So the one in the content but also the one in the footer of course have does read background and the
padding.
This is how we use SAS by nesting this or SPSS and this is how styling works and ironic too.
You might have recognized that we don't have the style or else property here and also not the inline
styles here.
Now you could add this to use angler's hewas way of styling but typically an ironic to use the SAS approach.
What this will do is it will take all those s.c.s as follows to get them into one C S S file and if
you were not to nest your paragraph inside of this page users selector but simply have an outside of
it and this is now targeting all paragraphs in your app as you can see if you click on users.
You still have those paragraphs changed but also the one in the user page.
So this is important to understand.
There is no view encapsulation as in normal English by default though you could enforce it by adding
the style your else property here but typically use the SPSS file and there is simply encapsulate styles
by nesting it inside of your pages selector.
This is how you can style your components how you can style your page specifically.
Besides that way of styling your app and styling individual parts of your app I should say you also
have the general theme which you can change.
You do doesn't have theme folder and there you have to very well start s.c.s as files.
Another feature of SPSS and SAS is that you could use variables which are then when bundling your osiers
as code injected into it.
And I object to his handling all of this here if you can override some of the default variables and
you can learn more about this in the official documentation under theming.
Here we can leave and learn even more about which variables you can override and how this all works.
The important theming options are the most important one is the theming here where you override the
default colors.
You have a primary secondary danger light and dark color.
Now if you change the primary color to let's say red like it is you will see that suddenly all buttons
are red because by default the buttons have the primary color and that used to be this bluish color.
Well now it's red and this is the easy way as well as the back button to give you wrap a totally different
theme.
Of course in a real app you will use a mixture of all those colors some buttons have a secondary color
Abre have the danger color and so on.
And it's a quick and easy way to give you wrap a totally different look by only changing a couple of
values here.
Again you can learn more about this here in the documentation and you're also going to see me use some
theming in the apps we're going to build